README.md, before:

![](Assets/app-icon.png)
# Life Progress
> Friendly reminder that you're not gonna live forever.

# Download
![](Assets/google-play-badge.png)(https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bartozo.lifeprogress)

# How it works
- Each ⬜️ square you see on screen represents a week in your ❤️ life. The first square (the one at the top left) is the week you were born.
- Each row of 52 weeks makes up one year.
- The 🎨 colored squares are the weeks in the past, the gray ones are what you have left.

![](Assets/app-showcase.png)

The app also comes with widget created in compose glance so you can see your life progress on your home screen.

![](Assets/app-widget.png)

# Thanks
- [Tien Pham](https://twitter.com/tienphaw) for the creating iOS app. It inspired me to create an android version.
- [Ken Wheeler](https://twitter.com/ken_wheeler) for the [app idea](https://twitter.com/tienphaw/status/1533797664432615424).
- [Tim Urban](https://twitter.com/waitbutwhy) for introducing us to the concept of the life calendar in [this article](https://waitbutwhy.com/2014/05/life-weeks.html).

Commit message:

:memo: Updated README with images and new section.

README.md, after:

![](assets/app-icon.png)
# Life Progress
> Friendly reminder that you're not gonna live forever.

# Download
![](assets/google-play-badge.png)(https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bartozo.lifeprogress)

# How it works
- Each ⬜️ square you see on screen represents a week in your ❤️ life. The first square (the one at the top left) is the week you were born.
- Each row of 52 weeks makes up one year.
- The 🎨 colored squares are the weeks in the past, the gray ones are what you have left.

![](assets/main-screen.png) ![](assets/profile-screen.png) ![](assets/about-screen.png)

The app also comes with widget created in compose glance so you can see your life progress on your home screen.
about
![](assets/profile-screen-widget.png) ![](assets/app-widget.png)

# About the project
- 😎 The project was created in Jetpack Compose. (Say goodbye to XML layouts)
- 🎨 UI was created with Material Design 3 and Material You.
- 💡 Light and Dark mode are supported.
- 📱 The app widget was created in Compose Glance with helpful examples from [Marcel](https://twitter.com/marxallski).
- 👨‍🎨 Creator of the app icon is [akhmadmaulidi](https://twitter.com/akhmadmaulidi) 

# Thanks
- [Tien Pham](https://twitter.com/tienphaw) for the creating iOS app. It inspired me to create an android version.
- [Ken Wheeler](https://twitter.com/ken_wheeler) for the [app idea](https://twitter.com/tienphaw/status/1533797664432615424).
- [Tim Urban](https://twitter.com/waitbutwhy) for introducing us to the concept of the life calendar in [this article](https://waitbutwhy.com/2014/05/life-weeks.html).
